codepen link:  https://codepen.io/slipgater/pen/wvGbPQd




    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Certain elements that clearly define meaning to the browser and developer.  Form, Table, Section, Footer, etc.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Used to create pages displayed on the world wide web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	provides information about elements.  Attributes go in the start tag EG <a href where href is the attribute.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	the biggest ‘header’ text, you can use it as many time as you like, I suppose.  It should convey important information though, like a title or section header, so don’t overdo it.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	title, character set, styles, scripts, and other meta information.
    7. What is an id? 
	The id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.  This allows for specific style changes in CSS to the element that has that ID attribute.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any, id attribute is global.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once.
    10. What is a class? 
	An attribute used to style elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	to infinity and beyond!  
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target=“_blank”  inside the <a> tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	specifies alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section marks up a section, div marks up a generic block with no associated semantics.  In general, div should be used as a last resort (according to my research on Stack Overflow)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Style, baby!
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{ } - no need to put anything else.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.  Use class to have multiple lists on a page formatted the same way, or ID when you want to have a differently formatted footer.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	. before class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	defines a special state. Like hover to change or making a link visited change color.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* ?  
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* your comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd - print working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm or rmdir and be careful cuz you won’t get a warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	in a team environment it is used to prevent work from conflicting
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	when you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin ‘your-name’
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 	
	here are the notes I took during today’s lecture:
FORK

GREEN CODE BUTTON - HTTPS CLONE

GIT CLONE (PASTE)

BRANCH -
git checkout -b 'joshua-brown'(-b creates branch and moves into it)

Switched to a new branch 'joshua-brown'

code .(Opens project in visual studio)

git status(Like big brother watching what you’re doing)
git diff(Tells you what has been modified)


ADD / COMMIT / PUSH
git add .(Adds changes to local repo)
git commit -m ‘brief note’
git push -u origin joshua-brownOrigin refers to online copy -u links branch with the main one